---
title: General Legal Notice
version: 2023.08
uri: General Legal Notice v2023
---

- Neither the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of CommodityStream and/or Manifold Finance may be used to endorse or promote products or services without specific prior written permission from CommodityStream. Except as expressly stated in this notice, no other rights or licenses, express or implied, are granted by CommodityStream and/or Manifold Finance herein.

- CommodityStream may provide access to services by or through the CommodityStream Software for you to use. You agree that the services contain proprietary content, information and material that is owned by CommodityStream and its licensors, and is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, and that you will not use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of the services or in any manner that is inconsistent with these terms or that infringes any intellectual property rights of a third party or CommodityStream. Except to the extent expressly permitted in the applicable terms for the services, You agree not to reproduce, modify, rent, lease, lend, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the services, in any manner, and you shall not exploit the services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, using the services to transmit any malware, or by trespass or burdening network capacity.

- In addition, services that may be accessed, linked to or displayed through the CommodityStream Software may not be available in all languages or in all countries. CommodityStream makes no representation that any such services would be appropriate or available for use in any particular location. CommodityStream reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any services at any time. In no event will CommodityStream be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any such services or for any updates, maintenance, warranty, technical or other support for such services. CommodityStream may also impose limits or other restrictions on the use of or access to the services, in any case without notice or liability. You acknowledge and agree that CommodityStream reserves the right to revoke or remove your access to any services provided by or through the CommodityStream Software at any time in its sole discretion.

- THE COMMODITYSTREAM SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY COMMODITYSTREAM ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. COMMODITYSTREAM MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE COMMODITYSTREAM SOFTWARE OR ITS USE AND OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH YOUR PRODUCTS, SYSTEMS, OR SERVICES. COMMODITYSTREAM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE COMMODITYSTREAM SOFTWARE AND SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COMMODITYSTREAM SOFTWARE AND SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS IN THE COMMODITYSTREAM SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE COMMODITYSTREAM SOFTWARE AND SERVICES WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH FUTURE COMMODITYSTREAM PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE OR SERVICES. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY COMMODITYSTREAM OR AN COMMODITYSTREAM AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE WILL CREATE A WARRANTY.

- IN NO EVENT SHALL COMMODITYSTREAM BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RELATING TO OR ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION, OR INSTALLATION, OF THE COMMODITYSTREAM SOFTWARE AND SERVICES BY YOU OR OTHERS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF COMMODITYSTREAM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall CommodityStream's total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.
